# P1 - Second Verse, Same As The First

- P1 will be presented on 12/12
- This is a team project, but your team needs to present their own work! 
- This project will be FULL stack, including a db/persistance layer, a server/API, and web frontend/SPA.
- Your presentation should include demonstration of your application running.
- Your presentation should be between 10-15 minutes, at 20 we're cutting you off!

- SPA must be either React or Angular (as determined by your training stack).
-- Must include routing to at least two separate pages/views.
-- Must include HTTP requests to your API.
-- Must include at least 5 different components.
-- Must demonstrate two-way binding.

- Your backend must expose a RESTful API.
-- Your backend must use Spring Data JPA for database interactions.
-- Your backend must demonstate separating concerns through application layers.
-- Your backend must feature at least two custom classes.
-- Your backend must feature verbose exception handling to prevent unexpected crashing.
-- Your backend API must include at least 50% overall line coverage with Junit testing (use Mockito to test the serivce layer).

- Your database must be a PostgreSQL instance running in a Docker container.
-- Must be in 3NF.
-- Must have at least 5 tables.
-- Must have at least 1 Many to Many relationship.

- Your project must be kept in a Git repository that is part of the cohort Organization.
-- Your repo should demonstrate best practices with branching (no commits directly to main!)
-- Your repo should include a README.md that details how to start and run your full stack app.
-- You should include a Description file
--- Describe the app
--- include the user stories that your project fulfills (as a ____ I want to_____ so that I can____ )
--- include a wireframe for the frontend
--- include the ERD for your database
--- include endpoint documentation for your API
